defsec

high

# Persisted msg.value in a loop of delegate calls can be used to drain ETH from your proxy

## Summary

msg.value in a loop can be used to drain proxy funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

While BoringBatchable is out of the scope, this bug affects seriously [BasePool.sol#L17](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-merit-circle/blob/main/merit-liquidity-mining/contracts/base/BasePool.sol#L17) as it inherits.

This vulnerability comes from the fact that `msg.value ` and msg.sender are persisted in `delegatecall`.

It is possible to call `execute()` (which is payable ) from `batch()` (which is also payable ) because both are public functions. (For now ignore the fact that `execute()` has access control).

The attacker would call `batch()` sending, for example, 1 ETH with an array of 100 equal items that call execute()

This `execute()` will call and external contract 100 times and in every time it will send 1ETH from proxy funds (not from the attacker).

If the receiving contract stores these value then the proxy wallet will be drained.

## Impact

msg.value in a loop can be used to drain proxy funds.


## Code Snippet

While this is already a high risk and there should be many attacking scenarios I would like to show you a pretty simple one.

Suppose the owner would like to grant access to a target with a normal function (maybe no even payable).

For example suppose that the owner grant access to the function

`  function goodFunction() public `

This function has the selector `0x0d092393` . However, for some reason. the owner mistyped the selector and grant access to non existing function `0x0d09392`.

Then if the target contract has the so common function.

`fallback() external payable {  }`

Then the attacker can drain wallet funds using this selector as I explained above.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove `payable` from `batch()` in `BoringBatchable`.
