holyhansss

medium

# [MED] User’s fund can be lock more or less than expected by arbitrary max duration time.

## Summary
According to [resource](https://parallel-jacket-e61.notion.site/Staking-V2-Smart-Contract-Overview-8c282013776849b5928b4d2d0d0b7579) provide, it says

> Merit Circle Staking V2 is a module where holders of MC or MC/ETH LP tokens can lock their tokens up to 48 months to get rewards
>
The maximum duration of the `timeLockPool` is 48 months. However, `timeLockPool.__TimeLockPool_init`, it does not validate the max duration. Therefore, the user's fund can be locked more or less than expected by arbitrary max duration time.

## Vulnerability Detail
[timeLockPool.sol #L35-L63](https://github.com/Merit-Circle/merit-liquidity-mining/blob/ce5feaae19126079d309ac8dd9a81372648437f1/contracts/TimeLockPool.sol#L35-L63)

`timeLockPool.__TimeLockPool_init` function sets important initial values. The function validates whether the `_maxLockDuration` is less than `MIN_LOCK_DURATION`, but does not validate whether the _maxLockDuration is equal to 48 months.

Since the factory contract is not provided, I cannot verify this vulnerability with the Factory contract. However, since it is validating `_maxLockDuration` bigger than MIN_LOCK_DURATION, it can be assumed that the factory contract does not validate the `_maxLockDuration`.

## Impact
The protocol set `maxLockDuration` longer than 48 months. Then users want to stake MC token for max duration. However, the maxLockDuration is set for more than 48 months, the user’s fund will be locked longer than expected, which is possible to take financial damage.

## Code Snippet
[timeLockPool.sol #L35-L63](https://github.com/Merit-Circle/merit-liquidity-mining/blob/ce5feaae19126079d309ac8dd9a81372648437f1/contracts/TimeLockPool.sol#L35-L63)

```solidity
        if (_maxLockDuration < MIN_LOCK_DURATION) {
            revert SmallMaxLockDuration();
        }
        ...
        maxLockDuration = _maxLockDuration;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding input validation for `_maxLockDuration` to be equal to 48 months.