hickuphh3

high

# `extendLock()` retroactively applies multiplier while `increaseLock()` doesnt

## Summary
When calculating the new shares to be issued, `extendLock()` retroactively applies the multiplier to the existing amount, but `increaseLock()` does not. This inconsistency results in different calculations of shares.

## Vulnerability Detail
`increaseLock()` adds more deposits to the current lock. It calculates the new shares to be minted as:
```solidity
uint256 mintAmount = _increaseAmount * getMultiplier(remainingDuration) / 1e18;
```

Note that `mintAmount` is the additional amount of shares that the user is entitled to.

In contrast, the `mintAmount` calculated for `extendLock()` applies to the existing user amount, and seemingly rightfully so, since it is only the duration that changes.
```solidity
uint256 mintAmount = userDeposit.amount * getMultiplier(duration) / 1e18;
```

However, because the multiplier is only applied on the increased amount in `increaseLock()` and not the user's existing amount as well, we see that there will be a discrepancy in share calculations should the multiplier be changed.

### POC
0. Assume a constant multiplier of 1x regardless of duration: ie. 1:1 conversion of tokens to shares.
1. Alice and Bob perform deposits.
- Alice deposits 500 tokens for 1 year: 500 shares are minted
- Bob deposits 1000 tokens for 6 months: 1000 shares are minted
2. Assume the curve multiplier for 6 months changes to 3x.
2. After 6 months,
- Alice doubles her stake on her deposit: calls `increaseLock()` with 500 more tokens.
- Bob decides to extend his lock on his deposit for another 6 months: calls `extendLock()` with 6 months.

The end-result is expected to be the same: deposits of Alice and Bob should share the same state of 1000 tokens that are locked for a remaining / total duration of 6 months. However, the shares allocated for both deposit will differ.

#### Alice's Deposit
```solidity
mintAmount
= _increaseAmount * getMultiplier(remainingDuration) / 1e18
= 500 * 3x
= 1500 (ignore token decimals)
```

Alice's will therefore receive an additional 1500 shares, giving her a total of 2000 shares.

#### Bob's Deposit
```solidity
mintAmount
= userDeposit.amount * getMultiplier(duration) / 1e18
= 1000 * 3
= 3000
```

This is the total number of shares Bob should have.

As we can see, Alice's balance will be 2000 shares while Bob's is 3000 even though their remaining duration and locked amounts are equivalent.

## Impact
Discrepancy in share calculation means one party may be unfairly rewarded over another.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/Merit-Circle/merit-liquidity-mining/blob/ce5feaae19126079d309ac8dd9a81372648437f1/contracts/TimeLockPool.sol#L167
https://github.com/Merit-Circle/merit-liquidity-mining/blob/ce5feaae19126079d309ac8dd9a81372648437f1/contracts/TimeLockPool.sol#L215

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`increaseLock()` should exhibit the same behaviour as `extendLock()`; the multiplier should be applied retroactively for consistency and simplicity.